# Goblin Fighter V1

This is an application you can use to pit two monsters from DnD 5e against each other and see who wins!

The winner is determined by virtual dice rolls based on the creatures' actual stats.

The monster stats are sourced from [DnD 5e API](https://www.dnd5eapi.co/)

The descriptions of the stages of battle are generated by OpenAI based on dynamically created prompts.

It is currently deployed on AWS Amplify [here](https://main.d3szxkwtdtrx3s.amplifyapp.com/)

# What I learned

The biggest challenge with this application was configuring the AWS Lambda function and API Gateway to hit the OpenAI API.
I used a lambda layer to store the openai-python library, which is needed in order for the lambda function to run. It's not necessary to use a lambda layer for this, but it saves deployment time since the lambda doesn't have to re-build the library every time I deploy.
I also used parameter store to securely store my API key.
This is the first app I've created that uses the OpenAI API and AWS. I can definitely see the motivation for using a managed back end service like AWS as it makes deployments and security very simple. I built an Express server for the first version of this app, which was fine, but I knew I wanted to deploy it on AWS so I decided to scrap it and just use a lambda. I have mixed feelings about handing over the server to AWS. I think it's important for developers to know how to build secure servers without handing over that responsibility to a company like Amazon, basically allowing them to make a profit over our laziness and/or lack of confidence. However for this project I specifically made this choice, just to try it out.

thanks: 
Ænigma Fonts for the free use of 8 Bit Limit.
Free Fonts for the free use of Brutal Font Pro.

